Major Update (#268)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/onlyIf.md

# $onlyIf
If *value1* is related accordingly (based on the "sign") with *value2* then the code runs. If not, the 'errorMessage' is returned.

## Usage
```
$onlyIf[condition;errorMessage]
```

### Parameters

> - `condition` `(Type : String || Flag : Required)` : value1!=value2 or value1>value2 or value1<value2.
> - `errorMessage` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `condition` `(Type: String || Flag: Required)`: The condition to check (e.g. value1!=value2).
- `errorMessage` `(Type: String || Flag: Emptiable)`: The message to return when the condition isn't true.
```
